---
layout: post
title: Welcome
excerpt: Hi, so I thought I would do a quick post to welcome you all to my new site! I thought it was about time the site had a refresh, so I could show off the exciting work I have completed recently with Dontfret Media, and personal projects.
image: /img/muffin.png
---
<!-- Content
    ================================================== -->
    
# Welcome
Hi, so I thought I would do a quick post to welcome you all to my new site! I thought it was about time the site had a refresh, so I could show off the exciting work I have completed recently with Dontfret Media, and personal projects. So recently Dontfret have given me an opportunity to work with themselves (amazing designers) based at the Custard Factory in Birmingham! This is really exciting for me to be able to get my teeth into some proper client work, and to really understand workflows in the web world.

So here’s the low down, I’m a 21 year old student currently at Aberystwyth University studying Computer Science. Since I was about 14 I wanted to further my IT skills after building and understanding the fundamentals of computers from my dad. So I started to mess around with programming, now I started trying to learn C this was quickly stopped as I didn’t have a clue where to start. Then a friend I met on holiday in cornwall introduced me to PHP programming, I quickly understood the basics and was creating dynamic web pages. From there I started dabbling and created a very basic CMS with login functionality etc, however sadly this was lost over the years of h/d failures. This sparked me off and since I have been learning every day about different programming methods and reasoning. Now I’m no where near a perfect programmer, but I’m learning and developing these skills daily and hopefully one day I will be awesome!

Now and again you will see me up my local scout group, I have been a scout for nearly 13 years. Progressing through the sections of the group and ending up as a skills instructor running climbing sessions for the group!  I really enjoy helping out when I can!